blue sky	napoleon stood with his marshals around him it was quite light above him was a clear blue sky and the sun vast orb quivered like a huge hollow crimson float on the surface of that milky sea of mist
blue sky	unrealistic or impractical the author shows what is testable physics, what is blue sky nonsense, not limited by conventional notions of what is practical or feasible and what is philosophy domain
acid test	from the testing of gold with nitric acid acid test is a chemical test for distinguishing gold from metals
acid test	on the fate of the acle straight within weeks this is seen as an acid test of the government commitment to protecting our most valuable environments
cutting edge	the flat part of a tool knife blade or weapon that has a cutting edge a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object
cutting edge	vast industry contacts and knowledge while creating successful film and tv productions a cutting edge artworks collection and has a charming ease that is rare in our competitive world
gold mine	the gold operation can be individual mine or mine complex a mine for gold ore or metal is gold mine where gold is dug from the ground indicating transition to underground operations
gold mine	to optimise the potential of our combined uk dealer network , which is a true gold mine european distribution is now centralised in lausanne and there are now one national import
ground floor	pillows and bed linen provided cot available bathrooms two one on the ground floor and the other on the top floor both have bath with electric shower over
ground floor	enter a business organization at the lowest level or from the ground floor or to be in a project undertaking from its inception
dirty dogs	speak for yourself, if you please. aunt march likes to have us pay her the compliment of coming in style, and making a formal call. it's a little thing to do, but it gives her pleasure, and i don't believe it will hurt your things half so much as letting dirty dogs and clumping boys spoil them. stoop down, and let me take the crumbs off of your bonnet
dirty dogs	vitamin b will also improve the dog’s skin, building up a natural barrier to irritants, bacteria, and other substances that make life more challenging for dirty dogs and the family that has to care for it
wild cat	there was no want of life -- the whole wide wood was full of it. now it was a lithe, furtive stoat which shot across the path upon some fell errand of its own; then it was a wild cat which squatted upon the outlying branch of an oak and peeped at the traveller with a yellow and dubious eye. once it was a wild sow which scuttled out of the bracken
wild cat	he snatched at the axe, which was fastened to twala's wrist by a strip of buffalo hide, and still rolling over and over, they fought for it like a wild cat, drawing their breath in heavy gasps. suddenly the hide string burst, and then, with a great effort, sir henry freed himself, the weapon remaining in his hand
big fish	the ocean is blue. the ocean is big. there are many fish in the ocean. there are big fish. there are small fish. there are fast fish and slow fish. the big fish eat the small fish. the fast fish eat the slow fish. the fishermen catch all the fish. the people eat all the fish.
big fish	he enjoys being a big fish, playing with the politicians who make a difference
white paper	i turned and saw that flora, whom, ten minutes before, i had established in the schoolroom with a sheet of white paper, a pencil, and a copy of nice "round o's," now presented herself to view at the open door. she expressed in her little way an extraordinary detachment from disagreeable duties, looking to me, however, with a great childish light that seemed to offer it as a mere result of the affection she had conceived for my person
white paper	a document that describes a given problem and proposes a specific solution to the problem. originally used to describe government policy, white papers are most common today in corporate settings. a typical white paper might list ways to meet a client's marketing needs, suggest the use of a certain product for a technical process, or identify ways to streamline internal communication
red eye	red eyes can be accompanied by eye pain, itching, eye discharge, swollen eyes or visual disturbances such as blurry vision the appearance of red eye ranges in severity from a bright red that completely covers the sclera to a few enlarged blood vessels that look like wiggly red or pink lines across the "white" of the eye
red eye	when asked how her trip was, kelly responded with terrible. my last flight was a red eye and i'm exhausted from seattle to new york
black box	at this point the underwriting process could probably involve a human underwriter, but that would delay the process, be more expensive, and potentially involve a bad underwriting decision if something is missed. instead, the internet insurance co. will have constructed a black box it is overtly an algorithm that weighs various pieces of information about the applicant, and decides whether he or she should be accepted by the company and/or into which rate tier. 
black box	it was still early in the day when a lady arrived, in a cab from the railway, at the sheep's head hotel. her luggage consisted of a black box, and of a well worn leather bag which she carried in her hand. the name on the box (recently written on a new luggage label, as the color of the ink and paper showed) was a very good name in its way
black eye	a terrified student has vowed to leave her hometown after thugs launched an unprovoked attack on her and two pals lorraine cunniffe, 20, was left with black eye and a badly bruised face following the assault in the early hours of monday morning. 
black eye	 mary got a black eye because of her constant complaining the whole group now has a black eye, and it will take years to recover our reputation
black sheep	the idiom originated from the occasional a black one which is born into a herd of white sheep and the fact that black sheep are less desirable than white ones because it is more difficult to dye their wool different colour
black sheep	dispassionate investment banker michael douglas is given a curious birthday present by his black sheep brother sean penn - a subscription to a clandestine company promising an interactive game which will be a life changing experience
green card	the good to be green scheme at carville primary, in wallsend, is based on a traffic light system, with children awarded a green card for good behaviour, a yellow card for a behaviour warning and a red card when their behaviour becomes bad the names of those who have had a straight run of green cards across each half term are placed into a hat
green card	card that is manufactured by hid global under its lasercard brand has won the act canada "international innovation award" for identity management. the u.s. green card is issued to all legal foreign residents of the u.s. under the united states citizenship and immigration services (uscis) border security program. uscis is an agency of the u.s. department of homeland security
big picture	he was putting up a colorful picture on the wall next to a big picture of him with the president
big picture	that means lower cost electronics and electrics, with greater reliability due to fewer interconnects and improved tolerance of damage. but the big picture also involves the replacement of most lighting with slimmer, flexible organic alternatives with lower costs and better environmental credentials
fat cat	hepatic lipidosis is a condition in which fat accumulates in individual liver cells and is a real risk for a fat cat that stop eating altogether. without food, the cat body starts sending fat cells over to the liver to process lipoproteins for fuel
fat cat	mr david jefferies, the chairman who master minded the 1995 privatisation of national grid - and was then pilloried as a fat cat - has become the new non executive chairman of the construction and civil engineering company costain
free lunch	will be able to get something awesome at participating pizza factory restaurants:  a free lunch special or a free scrumptious, lunch buffet on veterans day
free lunch	travelers on highways in the u.s. have enjoyed what felt like a free lunch. true, gas taxes are levied to offset the cost of constructing and maintaining roadways, but gas taxes have not increased in proportion to real income or the cost of such operations, and therefore no longer cover all the costs of transportation infrastructure
iron hand	the ironhand project is based on the concept of a robotic glove that can add extra strength to the grip for persons with reduced hand function. the iron hand gloves can be worn as any other glove together with a power unit that is placed on the arm or on the back of the user and the embedded software adjusts the amount of extra force to the grip intention of the user
iron hand	according to police spokesman, police raided in sadiqabad area and held five kite sellers and confiscated 125 kites, 25 strings rolls and material from them. cpo israr ahmed khan said that ban on kite flying is strictly implemented and the violators would be dealt with iron hand. no one would be allowed to violate rule of law, he added he said that station house officer sho would be responsible of kite flying in their beats. he directed the policemen to launch action against the violators without any discrimination
long face	the man is described as asian, in his early to mid 20s, of medium build, about 5ft 4ins tall, with a clear complexion, a long face and small eyes he was wearing a black, fleecy, hooded jacket, light coloured jeans and thick, black woolly gloves
long face	he was unhappy for the whole day, feeling disappointed and deeply depressed. he has been walking around with a long face ever since he had a hard time preparing for it but he still failed the examination
sour grapes	i thought the grapes were sweet, but they were not . at last, these sour grapes are made into raisins or wine the children ' s teeth were set on edge
sour grapes	telly beauty tatiana ouliankina reckons fair city bosses killed off her character lana borodin dowling in a fit of sour grapes after she told then she was quitting the soap lana was one of the show's most popular characters and producers could easily have left the door open for her return to carrigstown - but decided against it. 
white elephant	elephants have been revered in thailand for many centuries a white elephant is very rarely completely white the skin has to be very pale in certain areas in the past wild elephants were caught and trained
white elephant	something that is costly to obtain or maintain and provides little benefit or value is referred to as a white elephant we have white elephant sales, for example, of surplus or unwanted items
white feather	as birds can have just a few white feathers scattered on any part of the body, or whole sections of the body white, or the entire body white (fully leucistic, above). the white feather is often grouped in feather tracts, so that most of the head is white (as shown here), or some of the wing coverts are white, or most of the tail
white feather	he was obliged to try some other mode of getting popular, and this one occurred to him. it's clever idea, really. if you had shown the white feather, and let him pull your nose, he'd have got it into the paper; if you had sworn the peace against him, it would have been in the paper too, and he'd have been just as much talked about as you
cold blood	the answer lies within their unique heat exchange system, called counter current circulation. arteries carrying warm blood from the heart are interwoven with veins carrying cold blood from the feet the netlike pattern allows blood flowing to the body to be warmed, and blood flowing to the feet to be cooled
cold blood	fifteen years ago, robert rosenkrantz shot another human being in cold blood, firing 10 shots at him. the attack was premeditated. after fleeing the scene, he roamed the state for two weeks with an uzi and 233 rounds of ammunition
green light	the led in this spotlight has a 120,000 hour service life and produces green light natively, meaning there is no filter or colored lens to reduce output or distort the beam this light is ideal for military and law enforcement professionals who need a powerful source of green illumination for special applications
green light	funcom announces that 'age of conan' is approved for microsoft's xbox 360 console. the announcement means that the highly anticipated massively multiplayer online game (mmo) has received the green light from microsoft, and that funcom can start official development of an xbox 360 version of the game this is a groundbreaking leap forward for funcom
black swan	younger birds are much greyer in colour, and have black wing tips in an adult black swan the body is mostly black, with the exception of the broad white wing tips which are visible in flight. the bill is a deep orange red, paler at the tip, with a distinct narrow white band towards the end
black swan	none of computer models could have predicted this event and its subsequent effects black swan events are typically random and unexpected. for example, the previously successful hedge fund long term capital management (ltcm) was driven into the ground as a result of the ripple effect caused by the russian government's debt default
duck soup	take a break from the usual chicken dinners and pick up a duck from your local butcher here are some duck soup cooking tips the flavor of duck is unique and well worth a try though it may not have as much meat as a chicken
duck soup	a library is a big place, filled with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of books it was as easy as duck soup to find the book that i wanted in the library a librarian was always there to assist me
lame duck	 all the above creatures are quite dangerous, but they're not nearly as dangerous a lame duck is but a small water fowl that walks with a limp. tigers and bears are mighty animals that can tear a man to shreds in a matter of seconds
lame duck	it's two-and-a-half months between election day and inauguration day, with the sitting president often referred to as a lame duck: regardless of how popular or unpopular he is, a president with less than three months left in office is going to see his authority and influence diminish significantly
night owl	owls are a group of birds known for their distinct calls, nocturnal habits and silent flight most owls hunt at night, this is why an owl is also called a night owl and in doing so avoid competition with daytime avian hunters such as hawks and eagles. although nocturnal feeding is the norm for most owls
night owl	the service was launched this autumn and monitors a host of complaints from loud music and tvs to dogs barking the night owl was even called out to deal with a noisy neighbour shouting at the top of his voice through the night fed-up neighbours call the noise busters, who log the complaint and try to turn up at the address as soon as possible
rare bird	he admitted one charge of recklessly disturbing little terns and another of going equipped in norfolk to commit the offences. he admitted two counts of possession of rare bird eggs, another of being in possession of 181 wild bird eggs at his house, and a further charge of being equipped at his home address to commit the offences
rare bird	many of the staff are looking for appropriate partners to cooperate in some projects he is that rare bird, an engineer who works independently of any institution never finding cooperation opportunities actively
ruffle feathers	he starts his cleaning by ruffling up his overlapping feathers and uses his beak to comb and smooth and polish them one by one. if he washes in a bird bath, he would ruffle feathers to shake out the extra water and fluffs them up to dry in the air. after all, the bird family has not invented towels. when a bird finishes a dust bath, he ruffles and shuffles his feathers to shake out the sandy talcum powder
ruffle feathers	while anti american feeling was not as fierce in hong kong, the chinese government barred some american warships from docking disney officials seem aware that the company's brand of americana could ruffle feathers in china's newest city. last week, when a deal looked probable, disney executives began meeting with economists, political leaders and academics to build support for the theme park
bad egg	after too much time had passed for any more eggs to hatch and i cleaned the nest out and put fresh grass hay in, they finally started laying eggs again about a month later. i don't know which hen is laying the bad egg but when i crack it, it explodes!  it is all creamy yellowish with very little odor. i have had four eggs like that now. my girls are on a 16% protein egg crumbles, and were born in 2008 and 2009. they get a little scratch and i pick chickweed for them almost daily and i buy greens at the store
bad egg	perhaps the authority responsible for such closures should really consider each outlet closure on a different basis than present. perhaps even venturing themselves to view the hospitality on offer to their guests and tourists, thereby ensuring that one bad egg doesn't spoil good businesses for those that care for their clientele and set an example of good patronage and service it is with total dismay and astonishment that i realised the latest round of closures has included one of the best run establishments used by expats in bahrain
big cheese	robert has worked as the sole us based sales representative for fromagex. through the guidance of simon desmarais in the areas of cheese production and equipment, he is now serving big cheese makers and retailers both large and small find the cultures, coagulants, forms, aging equipment, and packaging they need. most recently, robert joined the massachusetts cheese guild as a charter enthusiast member where he serves as the chair of the education committee
big cheese	ben is discovered burying his mother on a wind blasted prairie by the denizens of carnivale, an essentially cheerless smattering of carnies, freaks and self styled visionaries. samson (michael j. anderson), the diminutive big cheese of carnivale - he answers only to the unseen and, certainly, mysterious force known simply as ``management'' - has his reasons for hiring ben, despite a slow economic spell for businesses trafficking in the amusing and abusing of the unsuspecting public
hot potato	 as your baby grows, it can push your abdominal cavity, so stomach acids go back up into your esophagus. foods that are spicy, fatty or highly seasoned, such as hot potato chips, often trigger heartburn. spicy and fatty foods, like hot chips, can exacerbate these symptoms. taking an over-the-counter antacid, remaining upright after eating and avoiding overeating can help reduce these symptoms
hot potato	your columnist, is absolutely on the money when he talks about none of the three political parties having the guts to tackle long term care for the elderly during this election campaign this has been a political hot potato for some time now but no one will put their name to any policy which will actually address the issue the fact is we have an ageing population and these are people who need to be looked after in one way or another someone is going to have to foot the bill for this. come on politicians tell us who that is going to be
tough cookie	it might crackle and fall apart. remove sugar from your cookie and the excess water will activate the gluten, creating stronger protein chains and tough cookie what does sugar look like when it binds to a water molecule? it takes on liquid properties and becomes a clear syrup. you won’t see this when it’s mixed into cookie dough
tough cookie	the 'dark knight rises' star clarified in a recent interview that he is misunderstood easily and said that his 23 year old 'american hustle' co-star is in fact a tough cookie and if he had to say anything snarky about her, he would say it to her face, pvr pictures reported the 39-year-old english actor added that that the oscar winning actress loves a good fight and talks "like a sailor", and he enjoys those conversations with her
small potatoes	sometimes you receive a bag of the tiniest potatoes in the world in your fruit and veggie box for the week this little recipe ticks all the boxes. you get some super cute small potatoes, toss them with some maple syrup, diced tomatoes, salt, pepper and a sprig of rosemary; chuck them in the oven, pop on the timer and you are done
small potatoes	the company said that the division had an operating profit margin of 32.6 percent, the highest that it had ever achieved as can be seen, these segments are still small potatoes, but it's obvious that publishers have turned the corner on losses at new media operations and are well on the way to making them profit centers in their own right -- small profit centers, but then, every penny counts
hot water	we’ve probably also all heard doctors say that drinking roughly eight glasses a day is ideal. however, what most people don’t know is that warm water and hot water have some exclusive benefits of their own that you just can’t get when you drink water cold. here are 12 benefits. it is great for maintaining a healthy metabolism, which is what you want if you’re trying to shed a few kilos
hot water	baxter had been open at least eight hours by this time, for it was nearly five o'clock; and if people are to quarrel often, it follows as a corollary that their quarrels cannot be protracted beyond certain limits mr. and mrs. glegg talked quite amicably about the tullivers that evening. mr. glegg went the length of admitting that tulliver was a sad man for getting into hot water, and was like enough to run through his property; and mrs. glegg, meeting this acknowledgment half way, declared that it was beneath her to take notice of such a man's conduct, and that, for her sister's sake, she would let him keep the five hundred a while longer
tread water	treading water is also used frequently in aquatic sports like in water polo. even if you're not the greatest swimmer, you can build your stamina it is a basic survival swimming skill to tread water, as well as a useful method of staying afloat in the water. it's something you can learn even before you learn to swim for extended periods of time and increase strength throughout your body
tread water	security resources can be drained when security managers employ vulnerability assessment software that uses superfluous checks, generates inaccurate data and creates voluminous reports that force managers to tread water in a sea of data. by employing, filtering and correlating highly accurate vulnerability and threat data, security managers can take a holistic approach to security, and use the intelligence in real time to laser focus their efforts to protect their most valuable assets
meal ticket	the credit card sized ticket comes in two halves, one kept by the parent and other is given to the student. the meal ticket can also be used in sainsbury's coffee shops and petrol stations, and to buy not just groceries but other items such as cutlery, crockery and bedding
meal ticket	it never occurs to victor that he's part of the reason his neighborhood stinks when victor meets a slick investment banker, jack (peter sarsgaard, quite good in the way he oozes avarice), he thinks he has found his meal ticket. soon the cliches begin to pile up. victor is told, ``you've changed, man,'' and ``i don't know who you are anymore.'' it's the same old, same old: any time an ethnic hero leaves the 'hood, betrayal is right around the corner
good egg	The farmer with good eggs thereby suffers when he sells to a case count or is buyer. The merchant by refusing to buy eggs on a loss off basis encourages one of the greatest annual wastes of food the state has. Every egg is a good egg when it is laid and man has no known way of improving its quality after that time, therefore, an egg that is allowed to spoll is an actual loss. Man is alone responsible for its deterioration and practice of encouraging poor handling of eggs on the farm should be abolished
good egg	She was a good woman, but his penis just didn't respond. Maybe it was broken. Butch shook his head and knew things worked just fine donw there. It was Winnie. She was a good egg, but she didn't do it for him. And then she did. He awoke with a start, panting and sweating, his big hands gripping the sides of the bed. Holy cow, did that just happen? The dream ripped him for his sleep
bear fruit	speaking of pollination and what it will produce, a number of readers questioned my assertion that single asian pear trees, in isolation from other pear varieties, could not bear fruit. single asian pear trees may indeed produce fruit on their own, but their crops will be significantly increased by the presence of a nearby pollinator variety
bear fruit	firms in the hospitality, cruise, residential, private club, vacation and fractional ownership industries have indicated substantial interest in establishing an association with the project. we are engaging in ongoing discussions with such firms, and we believe such discussions will bear fruit in the third quarter of 2005. we are confident that funds generated from pre-selling the searesidence estate units, coupled with anticipated private financing, will be sufficient to ensure the company's success
forbidden fruit	is it possible that the tree of the knowledge of good and evil was a vine tree bearing grapes? grapes were a forbidden fruit in some places in the scriptures! samson's mother was forbidden to eat anything that comes from the grapevine
forbidden fruit	the fall of rebel angels included, of course, such late-style dropouts as chagall, de chirico, and picabia, and even embraced postwar picasso. but around 1980, when modernism no longer seemed so modern, one blasphemer after another began to take on the lure of forbidden fruit, challenging us to flick a switch or two and to look again at what once seemed beyond the pale of aesthetic decency. weary of familiar catechisms, i was eager to go with this flow
blue ribbon	without waiting to hear more dorothy ran to get billina, and just outside the door she came upon the cowardly lion, still hitched to the chariot beside the great tiger. the cowardly lion had a big bow of blue ribbon fastened to the long hair between his ears, and the tiger wore a bow of red ribbon on his tail, just in front of the bushy end in an instant dorothy was hugging the huge lion joyfully
blue ribbon	that's the short explanation of why five studies and seven years of reform later, the los angeles police department is still plagued by the same flaws, the same warrior mentality,the same upside down culture that fostered corrupt anti-gang cops rafael perez and nino durden at the lapd's rampart division that's why the latest rampart aftermath report, conducted by a blue ribbon commission under the watch of civil rights lawyer connie rice, finds that the lapd is still at risk for other rampart scandals, other rodney kings the rice report stems from a review of the original investigation, analysis of departmental changes and interviews with 270 officers and other law enforcement personnel
blue collar	i had seen ice on the little horsepond that morning, and as we went through the garden we found the tall asparagus, with its red berries, lying on the ground, a mass of slimy green tony was barefooted, and she shivered in her cotton dress with blue collar and was comfortable only when we were tucked down on the baked earth, in the full blaze of the sun. she could talk to me about almost anything by this time
blue collar	now investors worried about pay packages that grow even when the economy is slow can email their concerns directly to corporate boards. if that doesn't take the gleam off your gold card, consider this: the pay police also calculate the chasm between executive pay and blue collar wages within the same company and educate corporate workers to campaign for reasonable ceo pay levels at their company. last year the site received 11 million hits
white collar	make sure your shirts are tapered appropriately.  if you want to see how ridiculous blousy looks, go back and watch some old seinfeld reruns. the infamous blue shirt and white collar is acceptable, as long as the shade of blue isn't too deep and accompanied with a power tie. this ode to gekko works much better today in a light pink, baby blue, or lavender shirt, and without a tie
white collar	an invitation only professional organization, the edward bennett williams american inn of court has the distinction of being one of only a few inns of court specializing in white collar criminal prosecution and defense. its membership includes d.c. circuit court judges, district court judges, superior court judges, doj officials and some of the most established defense attorneys in town
true colors	all images were taken from a distance of 77.6 million km on october 8. different chemical compositions of the cloud particles lead to different colors this image of true colors of jupiter is composed of three images taken in the blue, green and red regions of the spectrum
true colors	after the grandiose but hollow rhetoric of his inaugural and state of the union addresses, president bush's budget proposal reveals his true colors. surprise, surprise. defense contractors, the pentagon, pharmaceutical companies and the obscenely wealthy make out like bandits while the elderly, disabled, poor, educators and children, among others, are left behind
green belt	we describe different taekwondo colored belt systems, and explain the meanings of the tkd belt colors. the next of the taekwondo belt colors is usually green belt though some places may have orange. the green color represents the plant (your taekwondo) starting to grow from the earth. 
green belt	this is busiest shopping centre of the federal capital and mostly government employees are living in the quarters surrounding karachi company business centre. residents of karachi company strongly protested against illegal occupation of green belt and foot paths by encroachers and land grabbers (qabza mafia). this is busiest shopping centre of the federal capital and mostly government employees are living in the quarters surrounding karachi company business centre
grey area	each interval of a histogram should have the same width. finally, the bar for each interval is painted by the grey area, where the colors of the leftmost and the rightmost intervals are black and white, respectively, and the darkness of bars monotonically decreases at the same rate from left to right
grey area	the problem is that culture is such a vague concept that no one is sure how to measure it, or how to build it the real challenge of the business ethics movement is not the black-and-white decision of obeying or violating the law, but the grey area of whether you made intelligent, rational ethical decisions, says w. michael hoffman, executive director of the center for business ethics at bentley college. nancy thomas-moore, director of ethics and business conduct at the weyerhaeuser co., notes that the company's ceo called its first ethics handbook
red card	there are a lot of beautiful greetings cards made out there for delighting our friends, family, and colleagues a red card for christmas is wonderful since one nice thing that really makes them look great is the deep colors of the red, white and blue of the american flag
red card	mike started working at the council aged 15, in 1985 as an income assistant and has progressed through the finance department ever since one of suffolk coastal's longest serving employees was given the red card last week – after over 30 years of service to the council senior accountant, mike thorpe marked his retirement with a sending off from the council at the end of last week the match
red flag	the people raved against the lady eleanore, and cried out that her pride and scorn had evoked a fiend, and that, between them both, this monstrous evil had been born. at times, their rage and despair took the semblance of grinning mirth; and whenever the red flag of the pestilence was hoisted over another and yet another door, they clapped their hands and shouted through the streets, in bitter mockery. this dark tale, whispered at first, was now bruited far and wide.
red flag	the national flag is hoisted  during the chinese national day, international labour day the flag is a symbol of left-wing politics, in particular, of the communism. the red flag is raised in beijing and anyother part of china onseveral occasions the flag raising ceremony in beijings tiananmen square is symbolic ceremony organized every morning
yellow streak	and then more commotion. a seventeen-year-old guy, a known lover of camp, is the culprit. he's hitting every move of jackson's dancing masterpiece. with all the spins, bobs, and hand moves, he's a sight to see, a yellow streak against that dull rainy palette. a yellow circle forms with him in the center. a big, bright, living sun. then the whole yellow living sun begins to move. smiles break out. muscles loosen. singing. laughter. hugs. camp.
yellow streak	away with indiscipline in an age when children can be immunised against some of the worst diseases, there is one scourge which many of them develop and which, i consider, can be prevented by early treatment. i refer to 'thugitis' - the symptoms being the appearance of a selfish yellow streak which gradually dominates the personality and which, if allowed to develop, becomes chronic and almost impossible to cure the way to prevent it? better control by parents of all their children's activities; more cooperation between parents and schools; rigid discipline and higher standard of work in all schools; heavier punishments for all serious juvenile offenders
olive branch	the wood of the tree is very hard. it is used to make furniture or articles of everyday use.  the leaves have a dark greyish-green color above and are pale with whitish scales below. the wild olive is a small tree or shrub that grows up to 8–15 meters tall with thorny olive branch. the leaves of the tree have some medical uses. it is said that the leaves have a calming effect. they are good for people going to sleep.
olive branch	they showed us likewise the bloody robe which that archbishop of paris wore who exposed his sacred person and braved the wrath of the insurgents of 1848, to mount the barricades and hold aloft the olive branch of peace in the hope of stopping the slaughter. his noble effort cost him his life. he was shot dead. they showed us a cast of his face taken after death, the bullet that killed him, and the two vertebrae in which it lodged
polish apple	 the polished apple is unnatural, and to some, polising does not increase the beauty of the fruit in the case of the apple, before it is placed on the show table, sellers usually polish apple polishing removes the thin, waxy substance which completely covers the fruit of most varieties, preventing to a great extent its drying out and consequent shrivelling, and may aid in prevent the entrance of rot fungi
polish apple	more often than not, how receptive we are to compliments is a reflection of our self esteem and deep feelings of self worth. specifically, compliments can make people with low self esteem feel uncomfortable because they contradict their own self views a ceo does not like people who try to polish apple with him he says that he does not like being flattered since it makes him feel uncomforable one study found that giving people with low self esteem praise about being considerate boyfriends or girlfriends was enough to make them feel more insecure about their partners and even to view their entire relationship more negatively
deep water	this general pattern of circulation affects global climate as it drives warm, low latitude surface waters to the north to replace the sinking water. it also influences the sequestering of carbon dioxide into deep water, thereby regulating the carbon dioxide concentration of the atmosphere and the greenhouse effect on the earth's heat balance changes in circulation may have played an important role in controlling global climate during the geological past, especially during the last million years
deep water	perhaps, also, it was the elemental simplicity of his mind that baffled me. he drove so directly to the core of the matter, divesting a question always of all superfluous details, and with such an air of finality, that i seemed to find myself struggling in deep water, with no footing under me. value of life? how could i answer the question on the spur of the moment? the sacredness of life i had accepted as axiomatic. that it was intrinsically valuable was a truism i had never questioned. but when he challenged the truism i was speechless
break ice	winter swimming is the activity of swimming during the winter season, typically in outdoor locations or in unheated pools. in colder countries it may be synonymous with ice swimming, when the water is frozen over. it is required to either break ice or enter where a spring prevents the formation of ice. it may also be simulated by a pool of water at 0 °c, the temperature at which water freezes. in eastern europe and russia winter swimming is part of the celebration of the epiphany.
break ice	we have added dance hosts to our cruise staff said joe mcgrath, commodore's director onboard passenger services no couple wants to be the first ones on the floor, so we provide a social dance host whose job it is to break ice and also to dance with the single women. these gentlemen love to cruise and love to dance, it's a win-win situation for everyone. cruise only rates aboard the enchanted isle, begin at $498 per person
bottom line	 to measure the ponzo illusion, we presented observers with stimuli like that in figure 5a. the observers task was to adjust the length of the bottom line to match the length of the top horizontal line. as the observers adjusted the line, it changed at both ends most of the observers overestimated the length of the top line and thus made the length of the line on the bottom too long
bottom line	even more so today; far from the scenario of ceos rushing to sign off on expensive it projects, motivated primarily by the terror of being late the party, business chiefs are asking more questions than ever before about the relationship between potential it projects and their value add to the bottom line so inquisitive are these ceos that kpmg found a gap in the marketplace for a product they call rapid business value analysis, a tool (still in pilot phase) used to evaluate a proposed technology--inside of 30 days--within the larger context of the company's business objectives
glass ceiling	enjoy sunshine and elegance in north london suburb if you're thinking of creating a sunroom at your house, a ceiling like this could usher in an abundance of northern sun. try a glass ceiling - use glass to striking effect with sliding glass doors and a chic, ultra-modern design it provides amazing natural light and a sleek but bold shape from above
glass ceiling	sticky floor -- noun, a condition in which women and minority men in entry level or low wage positions find themselves unable to advance: while the glass ceiling keeps a select group of women from government's top jobs, more than half of all women employed by state and local governments work on the sticky floor of low paying, low mobility jobs
leg up	a gait legged robots is the order and the direction of the leg movements. for example, a human has the following gait: lift left leg up, move left leg forward, put left leg down, shift weight to left leg, lift right up, move right leg forward, put right leg down, shift weight to right leg, and repeat. that's nine commands for two leges in one direction.
leg up	knowing what is likely to be hot well ahead of the crowd is a key element of successful early stage investing. helping ovp start ups gain access to resources within established industries gives them a leg up in the marketplace. they can focus on product development, gain access to global markets and capture key customers, said daniel petrozzo, managing director and head of technology infrastructure services at morgan stanley
old chestnut	for this reason chestnut wood is used extensively in the manufacture of tannin extract. some of the extract plant in pennsylvania use chestnut wood almost exclusively. old chestnut wood is richer in tannin than wood from young chestnut trees. analyses show that there is a higher percentage of tannin in the butt of a tree than in its top; also a higher percentage in dead than in living wood.
old chestnut	clare short has hit the news again after commenting that she still believed seminaked women on page three of certain newspapers should be banned she's a brave woman to stand up for what some believe is just a tired old chestnut and against the prejudice that brands anyone who pipes up against these semipornographic images killjoys it's not just about standards of decency or standards of journalism it's about how we portray women to a society where sex crimes and date rape seem to be on the increase and eating disorders are more common than ever
grass roots	 landscape design should provide adequate space for plants to minimize competition while shading is the most obvious form of competition, roots also compete below ground for water, nutrients, and space. the majority of fine, water absorbing tree and grass roots are in the top 6 inches of soil. in this region, roots ordinarily occupy a much greater percentage of the soil volume than tree roots and absorb more of the available water and nutrients especially around young trees however, grass root density is often much lower in areas where trees were established first
grass roots	but the focus of the evening was on zeanah, the flamboyant councilwoman whose unyielding views on development made her the charismatic leader of the slow growth movement, and the foe of those seeking more balance in city affairs you have been a force for the people, for the grass roots, said mary wiesbrock from save open space, one of the main local environmental groups fighting to preserve parkland in the conejo valley. you are our hero, the hero of the environment, the hero of the santa monica mountains
wild oats	process of competition between plants is a complex phenomenon, since many factors are involved in the development and its consequences in the case of competition and the traits that identify the source or the absorption and utilization of limited resources, they can determine, it is very important. wild oats and canary grass as the dominant weeds in wheat are known impact of weeds on various factors such as wheat and weed density, wheat varieties grown, the amount and timing of fertilize,  planting date and the other parts depend on ecological conditions
wild oats	yes, but then how often the happiness of these prudent marriages flies away like dust just because that passion turns up that they have refused to recognize, said vronsky. but by marriages of prudence we mean those in which both parties have sown their wild oats already. that's like scarlatina--one has to go through it and get it over. then they ought to find out how to vaccinate for love, like smallpox. i was in love in my young days with a deacon  said the princess myakaya. i don't know that it did me any good.	
bad shape	i find its a lot better deal to buy a bundle of the right size boxes and keep some on hand. when they're on sale, i can get them at the local bigbox for a reasonable pricw i recycle whenever the materials are not in too bad shape. i have it stated in my policies that i use recycled materials when possible  i did not have a new box the right size, and ended up cutting and gluing paper on a box that i turned inside out 
bad shape	only one in five american voters rates the economy positively: 2 percent excellent and 19 percent good, according to a new fox news poll. instead, most think the economy's in bad shape: 46 percent only fair and 33 percent poor. that explains, at least in part, why voters say the economy is the most important issue facing the country right now:  32 percent say so, up from 21 percent in december
beats me	we run by the fire station and i can hear the crowd at the finish line. but as luck would have it, i just didn't have enough track or speed or a rock to throw to catch him. he beats me by about 10 feet. he finished 10 minutes ahead of me in the running race. my wife actually got worried and thought she might need to get the paramedics out for me.
beats me	his survival is really a big surprise for his family and friend. how should he explain all this? it beats me how he managed to survive alone in the mountains for three weeks, how he found water or food and how he found the way back
tighten belts	tightening a belt could be seen as temporary solution, but it generally works. while my suzuki swift has never squealed, i noticed that one of the belts has started to make a noise. so while i tighten belts on the car, i'll be taking photos so you can do the same. it's not as scary as it sounds and you can do it yourself if you have some basic tools and a free afternoon
tighten belts	that is generally the first place the call center manager might look to reduce costs. it is all too common to think of layoffs and reduction in staff as a way to respond to the call from senior management to tighten belts. but before you write up the pink slips, make sure you understand the implications of staff reductions. let's assume that you're a fairly small call center with fewer than 50 agent seats. if you're a larger center, you can view these numbers as representative of a specialized agent group within the bigger call center structure
beside yourself	fluid pale jelly, greasy tarts with pickled fruit, and solid trifle of flour and bread, all in greatest abundance. the only stranger present, beside yourself, is a courageous old bachelor, who stands away from the crowd and tastes a small sample of each, directly sending away his plate without dread of consequences: you see such thunder brows and lightning glances directed towards him
beside yourself	i take emotion as effect, it is the same as something affects you. it does something to you - it interferes with you. emotion is the thing that influences you greatly. you are beside yourself as if an explosion had crashed you. there is a quite tangible physiological condition which can be observed at the same time. so the difference would be this: feeling has no physical or tangible physiological manifestations
bite my tongue	tongue biting or tongue chewing is a common problem that affects a many people. to some, it happens while they are eating, taking or awake while to others, it happens at night while they are sleeping. i need some advice and i do not want to bite my tongue or the inside of my mouth when eating. the doctor says, sounds simple, but slow down. he explains that once an area has trauma, it is swollen and becomes much easier to re-injure. take your time and take it easy
bite my tongue	she says, that, as she was going out, she trod on a piece of orange skin; she fell down and hurt her foot. when a man does not reveal the truth, he lies; but i would bite my tongue ten times, before telling him: you lie, sir. he will not punish you this time, if you beg his pardon. they said that they would break our heads, but when they came to us, we pulled their eyes.
blank check	a bank also gives counter checks to customers when they run out of regular checks. counter checks have a high rate of fraud, and institutions should be careful when accepting them. a counter check is a blank check that does not contain a check number, a person's name or address. many counter checks also do not have an account number pre-printed on them. counter checks do have the bank's routing number on the bottom of the check.
blank check	it is clear that some presidential authorities in this context are beyond congress's ability to regulate. in any event, bush argues that congress already wrote him a blank check. as the president put it in a speech in january in kansas, congress gave me the authority to use necessary force to protect the american people, but it didn't prescribe the tactics.
wet blanket	they were using a variety of techniques including running back and forth from the house with buckets of water, using the back of a shovel and even placing a wet blanket on the back of the four wheeler and running over the flames. my husband has helped with three grass fires in his lifetime and knew that the best way is to use a bucket of water and a burlap bag
wet blanket	the spokesman said the united states has thus destroyed by itself, the missile technology control regime for preventing the worldwide proliferation of the ballistic missiles. it threw a wet blanket over the effort for restraint of long range missile launch and all other efforts for stability of the korean peninsula and its surrounding areas, and destroyed the foundation for dialogue and negotiations, he said. the spokesman also warned that washington's move will result in endangering the security of the u.s. mainland, far from ensuring it.
above board	in the old days, people who smuggled things always kept them hidden below deck. the legal cargo would be placed in plain sight on the deck. in other words, anything that was placed on the deck was considered above board it signifies the top deck, masts and sails, everything above the ship's boards, open to view.its origin has to do with the smuggling of good on ship.
above board	just keep quiet and go to the methodist church until you get big, and then you can go where you please. no, that wouldn't be honest, said peter sturdily. my aunt jane always said it was best to be open and above board in everything, and especially in religion. so i'll tell father right out, but i'll wait a few weeks so as not to spoil things for ma too soon if he acts up. peter was not the only one who had secret cares.
build bridges	the second video, fhwa works: building bridges faster and better to save you time and money, shows how ffiwa is working closely with state and local partners to build bridges faster and safer using accelerated bridge construction techniques. the video explains that accelerated construction techniques can minimize or even eliminate traffic jams, detours, and delay
build bridges	a delegation from the sharjah international book fair (sibf) has joined over 400 publishers from 35 countries in the 17th edition of algeria international book fair held at the exhibition palace in algiers to build bridges of communication with all parties involved in the arabic cultural movement and throw more light on arab writers and intellectuals
clean slate	i have a slate fireplace surround that makes my living room feel really warm and earthy, even if the fire is not lit. slate is a popular material in homebuilding.  i have done some research on how to clean slate in my home. first make sure to sweep, dust, or dry mop the surface to remove any loose dirt. mix a few drops of mild dish detergent in a couple of cups of warm water.
clean slate	responsible organizations now know that if they want to proactively take advantage of open source they have to play by the rules. to help the industry kick off 2006 with a clean slate, we are offering use of our protexip / ondemand system free of charge. this will give companies a clear picture of what open source they are already using
dance to	are they given any guarantee that these new dance steps will work with their new partners? no. they are asked to change their dancing, often with little practice, because after all, they should be able to dance to any music, any tempo, with any partner, and still be graceful. would imposed, regular dance lessons throughout their careers be a viable solution? as the music and partners change, so, too, do expectations
dance to	he asks them to imagine themseles in their arab neighbors' places, and is very much the angry schoolmaster when they don't dance to his tune or accept his pretense that this act of sympathetic imagination is devoid of political meaning. neither are the settleers, despite their experience in creating a well oiled publicity machine.
dead duck	china has done the same for japan because of the bird flu outbreak in yamaguchi prefecture. chinese health authorities and the world health organization said tuesday that a dead duck in the autonomous region had avian influenza, prompting a slaughter of 14,000 more ducks. china is also investigating suspected bird flu cases in hubei and hunan provinces. 
dead duck	all i would say to this ludicrous proposal is that when they get their business plan together, they should put it before the dragons' den i can just see the four entrepreneurs investing money in what most certainly from the very beginning would be a total dead duck and incidentally, business plans usually means that you can come up with a profit making scheme. i am awaiting with bated breath to find out how on earth a profit making scheme could come out of their venture
dead wood	buy a two or three year old plant with a clear stem of 10-15cm and plant in soil that has been dug over and weeds removed, to the same depth they were in their pots. if you are growing them as bushes, prune in winter, cutting out dead wood and any crossing branches and cut back by half any new growth shooting from the main branches. good varieties include leveller, which produces large yellow berries, careless, a mid season variety grown for its outstanding flavour, and invicta, a thorny type but with a good flavour
dead wood	it has left him intending to stand, with friends, for the borough council in 2007. he told the gazette: i intend standing and it makes me confident we can clear out some dead wood in the council. speaking about his opposition to the proposed development of the coatham enclosure, mr mcglade says he is encouraged by the response to his petition
deep pocket	after a moment's watchfulness, tibo tugged a pair of trousers from the first of the hangers provided by mr. kemanezic. sensible blue cloth, deep pocket, help lined to the knees, adjustable straps at the sides with black buttons to keep them in place. these were trousers. and they fitted. 
deep pocket	 while other factors contributed to the firm's demise, the overriding reason was the weight of its liability burden. according to former ceo robert levine, l&h, like other accounting firms, was included as a defendant because of the perception of being a deep pocket rather than deficiencies in the performance of its professional responsibilities. it wasn't the litigation we would lose that was the problem, he asserted. it was the cost of winning that caused the greatest part of our financial distress
go downhill	pass through a line of trees, and go right on the edge of another larger field. at the end of this clearing, the trail splits， with the yellow blazed pine loop going left; go downhill, entering the woods and folloing the blue blazes. continue straight to a second junction with a yellow blazed trail. go left on blue boundary trail, and follow under mixed hardwoods
go downhill	since none of the nominees was identified -- bewildering bit. still, everything that followed surpassed it. given that many oscar ceremonies begin with a killer opening only for everything to go downhill from there, sunday's telecast was a refreshing change of pace. song, dance and even a tambourine played a part at the oscars sunday night. host ellen degeneres, left, danced a jig in honor of the nominees while, above from left, jack black, john c. reilly and will ferrell, from left, sang of their oscar aspirations. 
eagle eye	an eagle head is about as big as your hand, but their eyes are bigger than yours. a human's eye is about one inch long. an eagle eye is almost one and a half inches long. eagles have large eyes because they need to see well. they fly very high in the sky, but they eat small animals that live on the ground. an eagle needs to see those small animals from far away.
eagle eye	the whole population of rochester and the adjoining towns rose from their beds at an early hour of the following morning, in a state of the utmost bustle and excitement. a grand review was to take place upon the lines. the manoeuvres of half a dozen regiments were to be inspected by the eagle eye of the commander in chief; temporary fortifications had been erected, the citadel was to be attacked and taken, and a mine was to be sprung
fishing expedition	there are many possibilities, ranging from the simple hook and line to working with all the complex gear of deep sea fishing expedition. fishing is popular with both bahamians and tourists. these large eyed, very bony fish can weigh from 5 to 10 pounds and be more than a foot long. they are challenging to catch as they never stay in one place long and are extremely sensitive to sound.
fishing expedition	sometimes there is a perfectly good and valid reason for looking into someone else's records, and sometimes they reveal material that is highly relevant. but that is a minority of cases, probably a small minority. and usually, as i say, it's a fishing expedition to see if you can find some dirt to throw at the complainant. a barrier who mostly defended in sex cases, confirmed that fishing expeditions were regularly made by defence counsel and also stated that there was frequently no problem in getting them through.
free ride	however, should you drive and then find that you have had too much to drink, make a call to discount cab to take advantage of their program for the fourth of july holiday, as well as the weekend before. the programoffers patrons of a free ride back to their cards the next day. last year, arizona police pulled over 11,200 cards and made more than 500 dui arrests over the weekend. area residents wanting to take advantage of the program can call 602-200-2000 in phoenix and 520-200-2000 in tucson. 
free ride	others benefit when a participant contributes, pays his fees or taxes. all are, nevertheless, better off in the long run if they all pay the cost and resist the temptation to free ride on the contributions of others. in this type of social dilemma the kind of cooperation and contribution serving the group interest is actively giving while it is in the individual's private interest not to give.
front runner	they seem to hold their speed longer. their come from behind rivals have more difficulty catching them. therefore, when the handicapper's study shows that the best horse in the race is a front runner, and that no other runner in the race has the speed to stay with him, the horse usually becomes a better bet on a sloppy track.
front runner	obama, who is in a head to head fight with hillary clinton, met senator edwards at his home in north carolina. edwards left the contest last month and both clinton and obama have been wooing his supporters since. obama is currently the front runner, having won the last eight democrat primaries. there are two more today in wisconsin and hawaii, the tropical island where obama was born. john mccain, who has all but clinched the nomination, said he was confident of beating whoever wins the democrat race in the november presidential election
high horse	nearly all my memories of horses, however, are happy ones. feeling like a little king, i could see all the world from the top of that high horse. i was always eager to feed the horses and pet them. i longer for the day when i could drive a team in the field by myself. dad saw my keen interest in horses and encouraged me to take the lines.
high horse	miss ingram, who had now seated herself with proud grace at the piano, spreading out her snowy robes in queenly amplitude, commenced a brilliant prelude; talking meantime. she appeared to be on her high horse tonight; both her words and her air seemed intended to excite not only the admiration, but the amazement of her auditors: she was evidently bent on striking them as something very dashing and daring indeed
hold water	no matter which way you turn the sponge, or what surface you leave the sponge to drain on, it always ends up holding the same height of water. the potting soil in the container is able to hold water, exactly the same way that the bath sponge does. it doesn't matter what surface the soil happens to be sitting on. so even if the soil is sitting on top of a layer of drainage material it will always hold a certain height of water.
hold water	just what one might have expected you to do, said mr prosser, unkindly. young man, i begin to believe that there may be something in this. you haven't got a ghost of a proof that would hold water in a court of law, of course; but still, i'm inclined to believe you. for one thing, you haven't the intelligence to invent such a story. in fact, if you can answer me one question i shall be satisfied
off color	this is next to impossible to entirely remove from the fabric being cleansed, and tends to throw the clothes off color when subjected to the hot iron. just a word regarding the old disputed subject of soaking clothes before washing them. 
off color	no amount of social concern or open discussion can change that fact. third, and perhaps the greatest reason for inter-gender disputes, women want respect from men. disrespect for women has always been a problem in the area of sexual attraction and lust. however, sexual harassment and off color humor are only part of the picture. women want respect in their gender roles, too. women want recognition of their intelligence, multi-dimensional nature, dependability, stability, good judgment, and skills
shed light	wand came up beside them and stared. the wonderful light, shining up rather than down as the sun would have shed light on what lay beneath it, emanated from the valley, sparkling on trees as tall and green as any in the forests near bendwillow.
shed light	the last sentence is perhaps the most famous in the origin, since it alone concerns human evolution. it would be easy for us to assume that darwin meant the natural selection would shed light on the origin of man and his history; but that assumption would be ill founded. the often quoted passage comes in the context of a discussion of common descent and the mutability of species.
lock horns	most bulls seem capable of deciding who has the tenacity, experience, or brute strength to prevail. occasionally, bulls inflict serious injury or lock horns, but it is rare. bulls may also size each other up all year long for body strength, as head to head shoving matches are witnessed in the winter on any refuge.
lock horns	initially wallace accepted darwin's idea without reservation, but he grew skeptical about sexual selection as the decade progressed. he and darwin would repeatedly lock horns over the relative importance of this form of selection, and their differing viewpoints signaled the beginning of a permanent schism.
look out	how glad we are that many centuries ago the old romans invented transparent window glass and we can thus enjoy light and air a sight of many interesting things as we look out of the window. let us see what we can observe: trees, houses, people, automobiles, dogs, sky, clouds, smoke, etc.
look out	why does it prompt birds to land? because the bird is in the open. somebody just shouted an alarm. danger! look out! without better intelligence, few birds want to risk being the only obvious target in the sky the warning could, after all, relate to the presence of a falcom.
more than	i remember the days of the great stan seymour and the cup wins. in those days the team wore their shirt with pride. having supported newcastle for more than 50 years i am despondent about the current state of affairs. these days it's all about money and the player is only loyal to the club that will pay the most wages
more than	will was entitled to feel unlucky after broch keeper billy gordon pulled of a string of super saves to deny the home side victory. but after the disappointment of their scottish cup defeat last week he was more than satisfied with his team's performance. he said: the boys were always going to be judged by how they played today. last week at spartans they let everyone down. we made six changes today and i was delighted with the performance and the commitment of the players
nest egg	nests are carefully monitored to ensure an egg's development. the number of eggs removed from a nest is also noted, for birds lay additional eggs when nest egg numbers decline. hunters also know how many eggs to taken from a nest. depending upon the bird, when one or two eggs remain, production continues, ensuring a food supply - and plenty of baby birds.
nest egg	employees were far more receptive to the idea of a guaranteed investment vehicle than were those currently retired, with one third of workers indicating they would allocate 25% to 49% of their retirement nest egg to an investment that provides a guaranteed amount of retirement income every month, compared to only 13% of retirees. another third of employees said they would allocate 50% to 74% of their retirement deposit to a guaranteed investment vehicle
no picnic	on tuesday matt told george all about the picnic trip to the beach. he also told how he felt as he watched the couple walk toward the sand dunes with a blanket but no picnic lunch. i bet they were going there to have fun. how was your holiday? did you go on a picnic?
no picnic	he was someshow not awarded a second victoria cross fro his heroism in this fight. it was obvious that the division's tour in the front line would be no picnic. over the next few days, the advance companies of the 16th and 13th battalions moved forward to back up the 4th brigade's other two battalions and prepare to continue the drive towards thiepval.
on ice	the blade of an ice skate has an upside down u shape. its two thin edges rest on the ice with great pressure. skating on ice is really skating on a very thin film of water. increasing the pressure of a substance makes its temperature rise. so the ice melts into water for a split second as the skate goes over it. 
on ice	the article boasted that the guardian shed would have an armchair cinema so two years on, how's that working out? not all that well actually. the paper's new editor katharine viner has put the project on ice following a 'strategic review of guardian media group's business' alongside david pemsel. it appears the pair decided that spending millions on the project wasn't the best idea given that they are predicted to have an annual loss of more than 40 million dollars
open door	let them know you taking me. we walked silently along the street to where he had parked the car sed open door for me and gestured for me to get into the hourse, and then after he carefully closed the car door he walked around to the driver's side and got in and started the engine
open door	so before we read on, i want to do a little evaluating for you. so, now look at the bottom part. this is where i really open door to my thinking and explain what went on inside of my head when i read that. i thought about how people say to me no way! when they are really surprised
paper tiger	while the papers were for chinese americans, the vendor carried as a sideline paper tiger, which was made of paper and were traditional chinese toy, but most were probably bought by tourists visiting the inexpensive restaurants and stores in chinatown
paper tiger	i disagree with prince turki al-faisal bin abdul-aziz, the former head of the saudi general intelligence services and former ambassador to the united states and england, who described iran, in a lecture in a jordanian university, as a paper tiger and said that its political regime and leadership is weak and fragile. maybe prince turki had reasons that justified this description in the past
on paper	i hate writing with a pencil, so i use pens, and everything is scribbled out. for the practice sats, students are required to write on paper. accustomed to writing on a computer, many struggle when longhand is required. emily and her classmates have been using computers since grade three
on paper	real estate investors with proven track records have no problems finding lenders eager to loan them money. until you achieve plantinum status, however, you'd better look good on paper. you need to demonstrate that you have a solid income from your day job, money in the bank, investments, or assets that you can sell
pay dividends	its check n go chain of pay day loan stores, judge norbert nadel today issued an opinion and an order enjoining the cincinnati based cng financial from paying further dividends or borrowing money to pay dividends. allen davis filed the lawsuit in which the order was issued in 2004 after his sons, david davis and jared davis, seized control of the company and began a series of multimillion dollar payouts with borrowed funds
pay dividends	any child who did not look likely to conform to the rules was not admitted. by such efforts church organizations progressed. but all this ancillary effort pay dividends in terms of attendance? cox, in his study, has noted that the churches with the most successful record of resisting decline were those with the most successful arrangements. 
rotten apple	provide an easy and quick snack to be consumed on the go. examining your apples -- by smell and sight and feel -- for signs of damage or spoilage before you eat them will help you avoid biting into a rotten apple. when you're shopping for apples at the grocery store, perform an initial quality check of the package can help you avoid a bag of bad apples. look for a packing date or a best before date on the package or bag clip
rotten apple	darron whitehead, defending, said smith had little recollection of the crimes - committed over just 30 days - because of his drinking and drug taking. smith, a father of one, finally recognised he had been a thoroughly rotten apple. he had gone firmly off the rails and did not realise he was out of control. mr whitehead said smith was finally coming to his senses and knew he had to change his ways if he was to stay out of trouble
same page	encoded her message using alphabetical substitutions keyed into the first eight letters of the top line of that page. to read the message, eden has to check the date and turn to the same page so she could reconvert those substitutions to the letters of the plain text. without the psychology book as reference, the code was virtually unbreakable by anyone else without a computer
same page	who had great vision and never were able to follow through successfully. how do we organize all the different people with all different personalities, goals, mindsets, and perspectives? we all have to be on the same page: working toward the same goals. effective leaders do this. first is vision. picture a cross country race with several high school teams. my team would drive to a remote school
see red	the brain then assimilates the red, blue violet, and green impulses and mixes them into a single message that informs us of the color being viewed. when we see red, for example, this is becasue the red-sensitive cones are activated while the green and blue violet ones are relatively dormant. keep in mind that objects emit many colored wavelengths
see red	a product of the jim crow south who in the 1960s opened his church’s basement to civil rights leaders and students who organized lunch counter sit-ins in north carolina. lynch's father see red? lynch was angry with the historically long 166-day wait for the vote. but his impatience was tempered by the knowledge that it’s been a full 50 years since the civil rights act
smoke signals	smoke can also be used to obscure enemy communications or to send deceptive signals. smoke bombs can be sent by means of artillery or dropped from airplanes. smoke signals are still used today in fire and rescue work as well as some military missions. the use is one feature of survival training in the military. indeed, one can purchase colored smoke signal devices and smoke grenades on the open market.
smoke signals	on my birthday, someone managed to pick up an errant blackberry signal or perhaps a drumbeat, and we heard that rumsfeld had resigned. for my sixtieth, i hope to get smoke signals that george is to appear before the international war crimes tribunal. impeachment is too good for him. africa is so stunningly beautiful, you can see why those chilled, old, white europeans just had to have it. the long range effects of their colonizing--genocide, civil war, illiteracy, poverty, environmental havoc--foretell the dire, long range consequences of boy george's colonizing binge in iraq. 
same boat	since the building of this dam there has not been a single new boat put on the river. prior to the builidng of this dam the upper mississippi river was being navigated by identically the same boat that now navigated the river. all the boats were nagivated on that part of the river in perfect safety between keokuk and alton at the time congress granted this authority
same boat	i am part of a much larger family. a family that could have appreciated my confused state of detachment and loss, because these guys are all in the same boat as me. there are always my brothers and sisters ready and willing to embrace me in a foreign land. those singaporean expatriates all ready to muck in together
thin line	the graph describes decay in relations the effect of direct structural embedding is illustrated by comparing lines across the graphs. the thin line in figure 6 is lower than the line in figure 7. the thick line in figure 6 is lower than its counterpart in figure 7. in short, bridges decay faster
thin line	he is a man of integrity and high ideals, but he can not translate these ideals into his public actions. instead, he deteriorates. shakespeare shows that there is only a thin line between brutus's heroic goals and his far less admirable pride. his pride - his character flaw - makes him a tragic figure. it also leads him to behave arrogantly and foolishily
thin ice	in very cold winter, people usually stayed indoors to keep warm. everything outside is covered by ice and snow, andrew had been skating on thin ice. the ice has cracked and he had found himself in deep water, with killer whales closing in. then miraculously, someone had thrown him a lifeline. so he had grabbed it
thin ice	be willing to make correct changes, do it now why you still have the chance, you either put all one's egg in a basket or skate on thin ice and run the risk, your time now is to accept jesus christ, or if you choose to reject him each one pays a penalty death, or eternal life
back seat	the booster seat makes a young child sit high enough so that the shoulder part of the seat belt fits across the child's chest and shoulder. there are other important safety rules for children riding in a car. one is that children need to sit in the back seat. a child should not sit in the front seat until he is over 12 years old. this is becasue the back seat is the safest place to be in a car. you need to keep your seat belts on
back seat	look here, he exclaimed, i don't think you ought to force me to give myself away like this, but, after all, you are an englishman, with a stake in your country, and i presume you don't want her to take a back seat for the next few generations. listen here. it's to save your country that i want to get to the hague without a second's delay. i tell you that if i don't get there, if the message i convey doesn't reach its destination, you may find an agreement signed between certain powers 
tide over	the ebb tides predominate strongly. during the next season lasting from november to february, the strength of the flood tide over the ebb tide becomes minimal. the third season includes the hot and dry months, may and june, just prior to the southwest monsoon
tide over	desiring offspring, those who perform shraddha ceremonies from on tithi to another and those who are extremely pure in their minds are able to tide over all difficulties. those who are not enraged, those who pacify the anger of others and those who are not enraged at the servants are able to overcome all difficulties
same wavelength	the color that we perceive is, therefore, the end product of two comparisons: the comparison of the reflectance of different surfaces for light of the same wavelength, generating the lightness record of the scene for that wavelength, and the comparison of three lightness records of the scene for the different wavelengths, generating the color
same wavelength	we create situations from which they can gain experience and we help them draw conclusions. in other words, we help them go through their own process. it is difficult to be sure we are on the same wavelength. it would be a lot less effective and less fun too if we gave them advice based on our experience. our advice would be based on our personal experience and expressed in our personal language. it could prove meaningful to others but chances are it will not
wooden spoon	you have spilt your soup down your shirt and on the table. tomorrow, you will have to sit on the floor when you eat. so the next day, grandfather sat on the floor to eat his soup with a wooden spoon from a wooden bowl, while father, mother and the children ate their food with pewter spoons from simple china bowls. it is not as easy as eating from a simple china bowl while sitting at a table
wooden spoon	with the advent of the six nations championship in 2000, the scottish team failed to impress in the first twelve years of the competition: they performed so poorly that they were landed with the wooden spoon, losing all five matches, in 2004 and again in 2007. finishing in fifth place in each year from 2008 to 2011 was not much better. on the credit side, however, scotland defeated australia in murrayfield in 2009